proofread events-alerts (#2555)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/alerts-notifications/notif-escalation.md

## Definition

Generally, if an alert is triggered, a notification serves to contact
one or more contacts (or groups of contacts). In the same way, it is
possible to send multiple notifications at regular time intervals.

An escalation of notifications is used to contact various groups of
contacts during the notifications process or to change the means of
notification (replace mails by an SMS). The definition of a notification
escalation to a host, a host group, a service, a service group or a
meta-service overwrites the normal configuration of notifications for
this object.

> e.g.: a service A is set to send notifications to a group of contacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: a service A is set to send notifications to a group of contacts
```

“A” in case of Not-OK status. These notifications are sent every 5

> minutes. If, during a certain number of notifications sent, the status of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minutes. If, after a certain number of notifications is sent, the status of
```
